DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 5c5da9b3; mode: persuade; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode persuade --from 5c5da9b3 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 6
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  6 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a japanese street-fashion magazine spread packed to the edges, cut-out figures overlapping with handwritten price call-outs, glitter-outlined headlines and speech bubbles annotating every garment on the page
     SOURCE ID: pop-culture-shelf-gyaru-magazine-density
     CREATIVE SPARK: eleven girls cut out and shingled across two pages, every single item on them labelled by hand with a price and an arrow, and the headline outlined so many times it has its own gravity.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: hot pink, gold and tanned skin over white, with glitter outlines and star bursts printed as flat spot shapes
       - Type/composition: multiply outlined headlines, cut-out figures overlapping in a shingle, and handwritten price call-outs on leader lines to each garment
       - Topology/navigation: the spread is a crowd, so navigation is pulling one figure forward while the others keep overlapping behind
       - Controls/state: controls are call-out tags, the active one gains a second outline, and priced items keep a small star burst
       - Responsive/motion: the shingle restacks vertically on narrow frames, and motion is a figure lifting free of the overlap
     WEB LEVERAGE: responsive shingle restacking, svg leader-line call-outs bound to hover state, and lift transforms on figure focus
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-gyaru-magazine-density.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-gyaru-magazine-density-hero.webp
  2. a Constructivist agit-train stopped at a village platform, where diagonal red wedges, stencil type, and photomontage turn railcars into moving broadsides
     SOURCE ID: design-canon-constructivist-agit-train
     CREATIVE SPARK: A red wedge drives across a railcar; stenciled slogans and pasted photographs angle forward as if the train were still moving.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: unbleached newsprint cream ground, soot-black stencil ink for body, revolutionary red rationed to the wedge that drives the action
       - Type/composition: stenciled wood-type caps and heavy numerals angled with the line of travel, photomontage fragments locked into the wedge's thrust, slogans banding each car
       - Topology/navigation: content advances car by car along one strong diagonal axis of travel.
       - Controls/state: calls to action are wedges that physically enter the composition; pressed states drive deeper.
       - Responsive/motion: diagonals steepen on tall screens and relax on wide; scroll advances the train
     WEB LEVERAGE: Scroll-driven horizontal travel with clip-path wedges keeps the diagonal grammar live in the browser.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-canon-constructivist-agit-train.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-canon-constructivist-agit-train-hero.webp
  3. a data-sublime field, where dense barcode columns and sine lattices strobe in pure black and white
     SOURCE ID: ikeda-datamatics
     CREATIVE SPARK: A wall of hairline vertical bars, some black, some white, holds like a frozen barcode. Dense monospace numbers pack the margin. A single sine curve traces the lattice, and for one frame the whole field snaps to its negative.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: Pure black and pure white only, no grey and no color; flat pixel-crisp bars, hairline rules, and monospace numerics; the occasional full-frame inversion.
       - Type/composition: One monospace face at data density, set in tight tabular columns; barcode bar-fields and sine curves structure the page
       - Topology/navigation: Move by data column, by frequency band, and by frame index.
       - Controls/state: Scan, sample, and invert; selecting a column pulls its numbers into focus while the surrounding field drops to a faint bar pattern.
       - Responsive/motion: Columns thin and drop from the edges as width shrinks; reduced-motion disables all strobing and holds a single high-contrast still.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Render the barcode and sine lattice on canvas from a seeded sequence, stepping frames on requestAnimationFrame that halts entirely under prefers-reduced-motion.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/ikeda-datamatics.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/ikeda-datamatics-hero.webp
  4. a crt oscilloscope on a signal bench, phosphor trace riding an etched graticule while detented knobs set channel, timebase, and trigger
     SOURCE ID: scientific-notation-oscilloscope-signal-bench
     CREATIVE SPARK: You clip the probe to the pin and a green line snaps out of the noise; a nudge of the trigger knob and the waveform stands still, breathing in phosphor over the etched grid, ten divisions wide, every one meaning something.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: phosphor green blazing on near-black glass, graticule gray etched beneath, a second channel in dimmer trace; amber readouts for armed and warning states
       - Type/composition: condensed instrument caps on knob skirts and bezels, glowing seven-segment readouts; everything on screen is measured against the ten-division graticule
       - Topology/navigation: one screen, many signals; you travel by timebase and vertical scale, and channels overlay in the same graticule space rather than separate views
       - Controls/state: detented knobs set scale and trigger level; an untriggered trace rolls free, a triggered one locks still, and freeze holds the waveform for cursors
       - Responsive/motion: the graticule stays square while readouts drop below on narrow screens; the sweep is continuous
     WEB LEVERAGE: canvas draws the persistent phosphor trace from live Web Audio or sensor input, with pointer-dragged trigger level and keyboard-stepped cursors
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/scientific-notation-oscilloscope-signal-bench.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/scientific-notation-oscilloscope-signal-bench-hero.webp
  5. a kiln shelf beneath a row of heavily glazed cups, where molten color pools, runs, stops, and sometimes welds the vessel to the floor
     SOURCE ID: clay-ceramics-fracture-glaze-river-shelf
     CREATIVE SPARK: A cobalt glaze reaches the foot in one thick tear, freezes a millimeter above the shelf, while the cup beside it spills into a glassy blue puddle.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: chalk-white kiln shelf as the ground, cobalt glaze runs as the accent flow, fused puddles hardening to glassy sapphire for the warning state
       - Type/composition: monospaced batch numerals on recipe cards beside each cup, samples ranked in one shelf row, gravity setting the vertical reading order
       - Topology/navigation: Connect recipe, thickness, kiln position, vertical path, and final pool for each sample.
       - Controls/state: Apply, fire, flow, arrest, and compare with dry, melting, running, pooled, and fused states.
       - Responsive/motion: Replace molten flow with registered stage overlays and keep recipe and risk visible beside every sample.
     WEB LEVERAGE: A viscosity-and-slope model can predict meaningful thresholds while remaining bounded to selected samples.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/clay-ceramics-fracture-glaze-river-shelf.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/clay-ceramics-fracture-glaze-river-shelf-hero.webp
  6. a brick build-instruction book, numbered exploded steps on sky-blue pages, 1:1 piece call-outs in a cornered box, a stud grid ruling every alignment, wordless arrows teaching assembly
     SOURCE ID: games-toys-physics-play-brick-build-instructions
     CREATIVE SPARK: You flatten the booklet on the carpet, tip the numbered bag out, and match a red brick to its 1:1 call-out against the page; the arrow shows the seat, the stud grid agrees, and the piece clicks down exactly where it must.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: instruction-page sky blue as the ground, black keyline ink outlining every piece, brick red for the new part in each step, yellow held in the inventory
       - Type/composition: oversized step numerals are almost the only text, wordless arrows do the teaching, and every element aligns to the stud grid module
       - Topology/navigation: numbered spreads in strict sequence, a parts inventory up front, 1:1 call-out boxes zooming the pieces a step introduces
       - Controls/state: prior assembly renders ghosted, the new pieces arrive bright with an arrow to their seat, done means clicked down flush on the studs
       - Responsive/motion: spreads split into single step frames on small screens, call-outs pin to a corner; pieces animate down along their arrows
     WEB LEVERAGE: svg exploded-step diagrams with dashed guide arrows, css grid locked to a stud-module unit, animation dropping new pieces along their arrows
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/games-toys-physics-play-brick-build-instructions.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/games-toys-physics-play-brick-build-instructions-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 5c5da9b3 --scope direction --mode persuade,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 6. Build candidate
6 of your own grounded list; seed key 5c5da9b3.
